Norton Imperial Labs - 20131216
===============================

Attendence
* niacin
* inga
* robie 
* badg
* rrix
* asmallteapot
* kalin (realtor)
* J (oneRFP)
* blueminder

Cool Space Things!
-------

* intro infra update from rrix
* Kalin came and talked about cool things about getting us a space

She works on commision of landlords, so no cost to us

Papers passed around, detailing various spaces that might interest us; Kalin
will send those to Robbie, robbie will send them to the list and they'll make
their way to the wiki at some point.

Robbie told Kalin we could afford 15000$ a month, ha ha ha ha.

Won't be ready to sign lease until mid-march at the earliest due to February
kickstarter, move in April

Keep low expectations; mid-market, soma, mission are best bets

PD1G (FIXME: something like that... google it) Noise Restriction - in Mission

Robbie has corporate friends that are willing to pay for goodies,
theoretically.

Our price range confirmed to bring in 2000-3000 sqft, matching the idea we had
at last meeting

Midmarket has a fundraising committee that we could reach out to and they
could help us MAKE BIG BUX on space in midmarket if we're intersted in that.

``$noisebridge_trashtalk_session``

Need someone that is responsible to potentially cosign for lease. 

Banks want at least three months of rent in the bank to even *consider* moving
in, also 3 month security deposit in most situation (story about 6 month
security deposit)

SchoolFactory could sponsor with umbrella status. 

Figuring out who would like to tour with Kalin to check out different
hackerspace estates.

Kalin's timeline - she is able to get something to everyone by Dec. 20. She is
in Thailand till Jan. 9. 

She will be posting info to the mailing list, and PDF versions of the papers
she passed around.

Jesse OneRFP
------------

The more improvements done in the building then obviously will be more
expensive. 

<aside> Space in dogpatch with interest in building out big space for 12-18
months rent-free to attract tenants, could be used to bootstrap and save money
for Our True Space </aside>

Have to call around for services, building improvements, generally. Submit
these scopes of work to OneRFP, and they manage it

Cleanup of that topic... 

We should create a list of benefactors and people we could pump for
money^W^W^Wask for donations from

Bylaws
------

Badg's idea of making tests for bylaws, and then we work on making bylaws when
we're not in a meeting which passes those tests

Mission statement
-----------------

Norton Imperial Laboratories strives to provide a space that inspires
collaboration, creativity, teaching, and open projects for the San Francisco
community.

Vision Statement
----------------

Nortons Imperial Labs exists to provide a space where interesting
people collaborate to write on the world in the ink of their
imagination.

LLC Paperwork People
--------------------

CEO:
* Max
* Robbie
* Ingrid

*All votes for Max 8/8*

CFO:
* Tom

*All votes for Tom 8/8*

Secretary: 
* Teapot
* Ryan 

*Teapot wins 6/8 votes*

Google Hangout for further Bylaws discussion so that we can have a draft at
the 6 January meeting. Bylaws discussion to be held via google hangouts, Thurs
Dec. 19 @ 7pm 
