SFNIL Meeting 2014-03-11
========================

Attendees
=========

* asmallteapot
* blueminder
* flamsmark
* rrix
* tyler
* badg


Summary of Previous Week's Minutes
==================================

*Nothing to note*

Business
========

B-corp
------
* We discussed re-forming as a b-corp
* Basic overview of a [b-corp](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B-Corporation)
* blueminder to bottom-line the b-corp working group

Working Groups
--------------
If something is going to take a lot of work, we form a working group around it. Someone volunteers to bottom-line the group. The board assigns the group one or more tasks. Working groups can be temporary or ongoing.

### Community
Responsible for building an ongoing CWG charter and then enacting that charter
* flamsmark (bottom-line)
* rrix

### Real Estate
Propose a piece of real estate and a budget for moving in
* robie (chair)

### Crowdfunding 
Define our crowdfunding campaign and lead it to glorious victory
* blueminder (chair)
* tyler

### Branding
Figure out our branding and implement it
* Badg (chair)

### Infrastructure
Responsible for bits and bites and things that make the space tick
* rrix (chair)
* flamsmark
* tyler

### Decision Making/Charter
Come up with a better decision making process than consensus and a better way to fill the council, &c.
* Badg (chair)

The Council
-----------
The council will define who can make decisions at this meeting, and there is a standing item to add new council members in the future

Current council:
* flamsmark
* asmallteapot
* blueminder
* merlin
* badg
* tyler

Provisional Members (a.k.a: show up, ya bums):
* robie
* adam

CWG report
----------

### Statement of Values

* rrix and flamsmark have been meeting and talking and researching and listening on how to not make a terrible group of people
* White guys suck at making considerate and inclusive decisions
* both are talking to folks about how to not be terrible
  * nb in this case is terrible
  * du not so much
* flamsmark drafted statement of values, they are in [a pull request](https://github.com/nortonimperiallabs/nortonimperiallabs/pull/7), put comments there as line notes. Work on it through the week, let's get it on the agenda for next week.
* blueminder likes the SoV in its current state
* Badg has a bunch of revisions and will comment on pull request with specific, actionable items, via line notes

### Membership Process

Goals:

* Prevent jerks from joining
* include people who aren't like us
* DU has a membereship application that we should steal
  * rrix has been tasked to talk to the DU people about auditing that and preparing it for open source release
  * Badg likes idea, worries about barrier to entry, but ensuring that we don't create too high of a barrier to entry is punted to the CWG.

### Finding our space
Be sure we don't end up in a space that disenfranches people

#### Communication Media
flamsmark: IRC should not be a requirement for participation in our community, and nor should email.

**Cheers from audience**

Instead, let's try other tools, like Discourse & Slack

We're going to try Slack for a week instead of IRC to evaluate whether we can use it (email flamsmark for an invite)
* We should decide which, or both of those we want to use since the barrier to non-technical people is too high for IRC and mailing lists
* blueminder worries that slack goes against our philosophies of supporting free/open source software
* flamsmark says that it is important to use things that are accessible to non-nerds and *then* freedom.
* Badg suggests irccloud
  * Does not replace high bandwidth and async communication things
* We will try using both
* Badg to try to find an alternative to hangouts

Meeting Dates and Times
-----------------------

* Thursday and Monday are still best
* Should re-send cyberquestion of preference now that cybermeetings are in cyberspace
* bikeshedding about preference recording of each meeting period

Action Items
------------
* Email WG chairs if you want to join one
* [Email flamsmark](me@tomlowenthal.com) to join our Slack
* We will use Slack as our syncronous communicaiton for the next week
* rrix is tasked with deploying discourse and he better fucking get on it
* Badg is going to look quickly for an alternative to hangouts
* Fill out doodle on google group for crowdfunding WG members
* rrix to lock down the IRC channel
