SFNIL 2014-02-10
================

Summary of previous meeting
---------------------------

* LLC is WIP, cost was 120$, we should give flamsmark monies
* Scope applicability of bylaws documents, discussed so that certain things are easier to amend than others
* Quick start on branding, need logo but don’t have much direction and such
* A bit about starting discussion on crowd funding on tasks needed to make a space happen

 Business

* Badg is working on draft based on old EMS bylaws that he wrote:
* four documents
   * Bylaws, applies to organizational structures, positions, board members, etc
   * Policies, broad scope, applies to core culture of the org, but is easier to change than bylaws
   * Procedures, day to day in physical space, safety procedures, etc, easy to change and evolve for the board to change.
   * Regulations, less important than policies but still concern org. Example: how to handle large budget line-items like tools and equipment, eventual employee compensation. More important right now to spell out its existence
* Question for flamsmark: Can we have a copy of the filing docs.
* need to move riseup pad to wiki, rrix will own that. (DONE!)
* branding
   * Badg is working with a friend on branding considerations
   * Tagline idea: “Create, Collaborate, Commiserate”
   * We need a meeting next week specifically to nail down branding so that we can start work on crowdfunding
      * One of us will create a mailing list thread and throw down for tagline, longer mission statement, fonts(?), color palette
   * Real Estate
      * Kalin came backs with more real estate ideas
      * List may or may not be on mailing list, robie will check

Oldish/newish business
----------------------

* Robie’s friend Scott offered to help us on crowd funding video
   * Will be out of country March 1-30, may not work for our needs
* Need action plan for crowd funding
   * Robie has a bunch of stuff on the github issue tracker, things that need to happen before we can crowd fund, banking, legal, etc. Do not block creating other assets though.
      * Crowdtilt needs from us: bank account, blueminder will verify we need more
   * BLUEMINDER ARRIVES
   * blueminder tells us we will have no fees, including credit card stuff
   * This is not the right venue to handle this, though. Saturday or Sunday all day event to crank through this stuff.
      * Blueminder proposes creating a Facebook even, set the event to this weekend and let people bitch long enough to change it. BLUEMINDER WILL DO THIS
      * Can be done remotely as well
   * Crowdhoster suggested by Robie, quickly tabled until we know more about our available bandwidth

New Business
------------

* Need to organize our resources better
   * We should consolidate things and document
   * IRC bot that posts/retrieves from mailing list?
* Need meeting spot, meeting time.
   * Robie offers Runway
   * Blueminder offers Crowdtilt as secondary
   * Monday, 19:00, confirm with others by Friday

Action Items:

* Wiki editing details for rrix
* Blueminder will create Facebook event to organize crowdfunding thing
