Agenda for next meeting
=======================

The next meeting is on: 2014-05-07, 20:00
This agenda is for that meeting.

The meeting happens in **FIXME LOCATION**.

Getting started
===============

* Do we have a note-taker?
* Take attendence.
* Are the minutes from last week correct and approved?


Working group reports
=====================

Accounting
----------
[Open money issues](https://github.com/nortonimperiallabs/doocracy/issues?labels=money&page=1&state=open)  
Responsible: Tom Lowenthal

Branding
--------
[Open branding issues](https://github.com/nortonimperiallabs/doocracy/issues?labels=branding&page=1&state=open)  
Responsible: Madelynne and Vivz    


Funding
---------
[Open community issues](https://github.com/nortonimperiallabs/doocracy/issues?labels=funding&page=1&state=open)  
Responsible: Enrique Santos

Community
---------
[Open community issues](https://github.com/nortonimperiallabs/doocracy/issues?labels=community&page=1&state=open)  
Responsible: Tom Lowenthal  

Crowd-funding campaign
----------------------
[Open funding issues](https://github.com/nortonimperiallabs/doocracy/issues?labels=funding&page=1&state=open)  
Responsible: Enrique Santos  

Decision-making process
-----------------------
[Open decisions issues](https://github.com/nortonimperiallabs/doocracy/issues?labels=decisions&page=1&state=open)  
Responsible: Tom Lowenthal


Incorporation
-------------
[Open incorporation issues](https://github.com/nortonimperiallabs/doocracy/issues?labels=incorporation&page=1&state=open)  
Responsible: Enrique Santos  


Infrastructure
--------------
[Open infra issues](https://github.com/nortonimperiallabs/doocracy/issues?labels=tech%2Finfra&page=1&state=open)  
Responsible: Ryan Rix  

Real estate
-----------
[Open space issues](https://github.com/nortonimperiallabs/doocracy/issues?labels=space&page=1&state=open)  
Responsible: Robbie Trencheny  


Decisions
=========
Hint: [open pull requests](https://github.com/nortonimperiallabs/nortonimperiallabs/pulls)

* [Bylaws](https://github.com/nortonimperiallabs/nortonimperiallabs/pull/14)

Discussions
===========

Finishing
=========

* Key-party
* Note-taker should put the minutes branch like `minutes/yyyy-mm-dd` and issue a pull request.
* Note-taker should turn all action items into [doocracy issues](https://github.com/nortonimperiallabs/doocracy/issues).
