
NIL 20140529
============

Attendees
=========

* rrix
* robie
* blueminder (moderator)
* vivz (remote)
* tyler (remote)
* creativetaboo (remote)

Working Group Reports
=====================

Accounting
----------

* Tom is not here
* need bank account, need LLC blame Madelynne

Branding
--------

* No update; vivz and jim need to work on logo still, another logo proposal would be great, but not from Jim because he's swamped
* Madelynn has wireframes for the new site, will share those ASAP via Slack and Discourse
* Talk on crowdfunding campaign and video/branding needs
    * Robie has friends who can shoot video and such
    * Vivz has a friend at ILM who can help too

Funding
-------

* waiting on branding
* waiting on accounting
* Discussoin on when we should start looking for a space
    * Timeline from last meeting, crowdfunding in fall, space open in spring
    * Should talk about what *kind* of space, but not what *space*

Community
---------

* Tom appears to be drowning in new job
* Rrix will make sure CoC is voted on next week
* TODO rrix will finish out the CoC this week
* TODO rrix will add the CoC to the Agenda for next week

Crowd-funding Campaign
----------------------

lol

Decision-making Processing
--------------------------

* Tom is AFK
* Madelynn: Bylaws! Jim and Madelynn put together a bunch of bylaws and no one has read it and gave feedback. We need to have that on the voting plan for next week
* TODO READ THE BYLAWS
* TODO rrix will add Bylaws vote to next week's agenda

Incorporation
-------------

* 501c3 is in Madelynn's hand but if someone has more bandwidth they should take it. Madelynne will be going to Berlin for a month and it needs to get done or delegated before then.
* If in a week it's not done, give it to Enrique to get done

Infrastructure
--------------

* rrix got discourse email working. Computers are bullshit!
    * From: Norton Imperial Labs : Discussion <contact@nortonimperiallabs.org> -> From: Norton Imperial Labs Discussion <contact@nortonimperiallabs.org>
* TODO rrix to triage infra tickets
* TODO tyler to start up loomio

Real Estate
-----------

No update from Robie

Decisions
=========

 [A proposed charter for the community working group. #10](https://github.com/nortonimperiallabs/nortonimperiallabs/pull/10)
 -------------------------------------------------------

* Passed by consensus

[Values statement #7](https://github.com/nortonimperiallabs/nortonimperiallabs/pull/7)
---------------------

* Passed by consensus pending changes
* TODO rrix will do the language change and someone else will merge it in


* MEETING with Weekly NIL meeting 				    :MEETING:
  :LOGBOOK:
  CLOCK: [2014-05-29 Thu 20:22]
  :END:
[2014-05-29 Thu 20:21]


NIL 20140529
============

Attendees
=========

* rrix
* robie
* blueminder (moderator)
* vivz (remote)
* tyler (remote)
* creativetaboo (remote)

Working Group Reports
=====================

Accounting
----------

* Tom is not here
* need bank account, need LLC blame Madelynne

Branding
--------

* No update; vivz and jim need to work on logo still, another logo proposal would be great, but not from Jim because he's swamped
* Madelynn has wireframes for the new site, will share those ASAP via Slack and Discourse
* Talk on crowdfunding campaign and video/branding needs
    * Robie has friends who can shoot video and such
    * Vivz has a friend at ILM who can help too

Funding
-------

* waiting on branding
* waiting on accounting
* Discussoin on when we should start looking for a space
    * Timeline from last meeting, crowdfunding in fall, space open in spring
    * Should talk about what *kind* of space, but not what *space*

Community
---------

* Tom appears to be drowning in new job
* Rrix will make sure CoC is voted on next week
* TODO rrix will finish out the CoC this week
* TODO rrix will add the CoC to the Agenda for next week

Crowd-funding Campaign
----------------------

lol

Decision-making Processing
--------------------------

* Tom is AFK
* Madelynn: Bylaws! Jim and Madelynn put together a bunch of bylaws and no one has read it and gave feedback. We need to have that on the voting plan for next week
* TODO READ THE BYLAWS
* TODO rrix will add Bylaws vote to next week's agenda

Incorporation
-------------

* 501c3 is in Madelynn's hand but if someone has more bandwidth they should take it. Madelynne will be going to Berlin for a month and it needs to get done or delegated before then.
* If in a week it's not done, give it to Enrique to get done

Infrastructure
--------------

* rrix got discourse email working. Computers are bullshit!
    * From: Norton Imperial Labs : Discussion <contact@nortonimperiallabs.org> -> From: Norton Imperial Labs Discussion <contact@nortonimperiallabs.org>
* TODO rrix to triage infra tickets
* TODO tyler to start up loomio

Real Estate
-----------

No update from Robie

Decisions
=========

[A proposed charter for the community working group. #10](https://github.com/nortonimperiallabs/nortonimperiallabs/pull/10)
-------------------------------------------------------

* Passed by consensus

[Values statement #7](https://github.com/nortonimperiallabs/nortonimperiallabs/pull/7)
---------------------

* Passed by consensus pending changes
* TODO rrix will do the language change and someone else will merge it in
