NIL Meeting 01 May 2014 20:11-21:41
===================================

Attendees
---------

* vivz (Vivienne)
* tylerhenthorn (Tyler)
* robbiet480 (Robie)
* creativetaboo (Madelynne)
* jimgress (Jim)
* rrix (Ryan)
* flamsmark via hangouts (Tom)

Last Week's Meeting Minutes
---------------------------

Merged in to Master

Accounting WG
-------------

* No updates, cant do anything until incorporated

Branding WG
-----------

* vivz and madelynne to be DRI for branding
* vivz and jim are going to break out and talk about improving the logo

Funding WG
----------

* Madelynne: We should start paying in dues to keep people invested and build up starting capital
    * We could raise a bunch on crowdfunding, but everyone involved should be paying in dues once we decide what the membership tiers are
* Madelynne: Rent at Nosebridge is a good figure for what we'll need. That is currently 6000$ for 2500sqft.
* Have a pro-bono real estate agent (Kalin) through Robie
* Want to have 12 months of rent + 5k out the door for runway
	* Costs for crowdfunding production as well.
* Anything over 50k is a *lot* harder to crowdfund
	* We could get six months of space instead of 12 months
		* Would need to be able to fund ourselves after six months, though
		* Enough hackerspace peeps and startup peeps to make this work
		* Sponsorship matching
		* 75 members at 85$/month
		
Legal WG
--------

* B-corp or LLC or 50c3 discussion
	* 501c3 => B-corp is a *lot* easier than B-corp => 501c3.
	* A lot easier to raise funds
	* We can be have a fiscal sponsor, 501c3 umbrella org until we can get on-board.
		* SchoolFactory
		* Tom: DOn't want to do sponsor or school factory. Easy to get the filing expedited with a matching donations or crowdfunding or something.
	* Jim + Tom to ensure 501c3 paperwork is filed.
	* Need three officers
	* File and mail paperwork for incorporations
		* Courier or such to get it up to Sacramento
		* USPS <- We're going to do that
	* Process for 501c3:
		* Form a california non-profit public-benefit corporation
			* Madelynne filled this out already
		* Incorporate with incorporators
		* Congrats, you're a 501c3
		* They had off to board
		* File form 2013 paper with the IRS
		* Wait
		* Congrats, people can give us money
	* 'freeregisteredagent.com' to be the LLC registered agents
		* Apparently *not* a scam?
	* Need two copies of the articles of incorporation
	* 'STEM education', we're raising funds as a 501c3, etc, on 1023
	* File an EIN during business hours online
		* Gob't agents fulfill each HTTP request by hand in triplicate
	* Bank account ASAP as soon as we are a corporation
	* Crowdtilt Verification process needs to be fleshed out

Community WG
------------

* Values Statement
	* Reached consensus on values statement, pending Tom's changes.
		* Tom to make the changes and then merge them

Crowdfunding WG
---------------

* Scary questionnaire
* Madelynne and Vivz to get together and powwow on the final document from [this questionnaire][1]
* Timeline
	* August: Campaign Opens
	* September: Campaign Closes
	* Spring: Doors open
* If we can't get our crap together in three months for the campaign, we should go home.
* As a team, we should have 1/3 of the funding accounted for on day one from friends and family and businesses and other hackerspaces
* Aim low on the public goal, but have an internal goal that is much higher

Decision Making WG
------------------

* Tom to take over the DMWG
* Actionable items:
	* Tom to write down decision making process that is not uniform consensus of the council at a scheduled meeting by thursday evening
	* Then people argue over it

Infrastructure WG
-----------------

* PROPOSAL: Discourse to supersede Google Groups as the default async communication channel
    * Consensed
	* rrix to invite GGroups members to Discourse
* Hosting discussion
	* should we move to [iocoop][2]?
	* Madelynne can get us Rax credits, going to figure that out tomorrow
	* We can decide on where to host after that

Real Estate WG
--------------

* Robbie uploaded a PDF of some real estate things
	* Ryan needs to upload this somewhere besides slack and link to it here
	* Holy shit, industrial is cheap
* Need flex/industrial zoning
* Kalin will negotiate too, she's p cool
* Madelynne did not yet talk to freespace about getting free space
* After we incorporate we'll ask for another pass on real estate from Kalin which we can actually work off of.

Bylaws WG
---------

* Jim and Madelynne made a first pass at bylaws by stealing other spaces' laws
* They wrote it while drunk, enjoy.
* [bylaws link][3]
* Let's aim to vote on it next week

Website WG
----------

* Tom and Madelynne are working on the website
	* Madelynne hates the current one and will design a new one
	* Tom will implement it post-haste because CMSs are the devil
* Next week

Minuitae
--------

* Discussion re wiki
	* Apparently gollum sucks, robie is going to make a mediawiki and administer it because it apparently doesn't suck.
	* Discussion re location of minutes, etc, we need to determine a good workflow for where shit actually goes
* Robie moves to move us back to IRC
	* Ryan blocks, cites that's better platform, more accessible, works better, and integrates easily in to IRC clients.
* Robie is going to be starting a german death metal band "Poopin' in the Machine Shop"
* We can't have any of our funds stored as bitcoins.

ACTION ITEMS
------------

* Madelynne to fill out and file the form to become a California non-profit public-benefit corporation
* Madelynne to figure this out with Enrique
* Madelynne to figure out if we can get Rax credits
* Madelynne to talk to freespace about how to get free space
* Madelynne hates the current website and will design a new one
* Madelynne and Vivz to get together and powwow on the final document from
    * Anyone else should fill this out as well.
* Tom to finish the values statement and merge it in to master
* Tom to write down decision making process that is not uniform consensus of the council at a scheduled meeting by thursday evening
* Tom will implement the new website post-haste because CMSs are the devil
* Ryan to invite GGroups members to Discourse
* Ryan to upload the PDF from Kalin somewhere publicish
* Ryan to post meeting minutes

[1]: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1R-BuzjDqF6IPIVl87lNUGQPfWecI2n-XgGAy7fqis4k/viewform?edit_requested=true
[2]: http://IOCoop.org
[3]: https://github.com/nortonimperiallabs/nortonimperiallabs/pull/14
