Minutes
=======

AGENDA: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/sfhackerspace/v1OKwOPhf5g

Attendees
---------

- Badg
- rrix
- arcon
Blueminder apologizes for not making an appearance

19:32 <+blueminder> I made a whenisgood for the fundraiser planning meeting: http://whenisgood.net/mhakcs3
19:33 <+blueminder> Also, this was the Facebook Event with the obviously wrong date put on it that I made last week: 
                    https://www.facebook.com/events/585439834880620/

https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/sfhackerspace/v1OKwOPhf5g

Old Business
------------

P0 Order of Business: Food

- No real changes, Robie is handling calling the SoS to deal with that bullshit.
- Badg will be putting bylaws draft pending infrastrucutre discussion
- We should reconsider meeting night, Badg is going to put out thingy to coordinate that discussion

Medium Business
---------------

MVP for Hackerspace:
- Organizational infra
- Bylaws
- Task list for getting a meat space

Tagline: Adam's proposed one: _An imperial proclamation for creative cooperation_

Mission Statement:
  + Norton Imperial Laboratories strives to inspire collaboration, creativity, and passion in the San Francisco community by:
    + Fostering an open, collaborative space 
    + Providing a safe, clean and inclusive work environment
    + Teaching and helping others

Long Business
-------------

*Punting on by-laws for now, need more people in meeting.*


### Infrastructure ###

Questions:
* What are our ideal goals with each categeory of infra (per agenda)
* How can we best use our tools to approximate that goal
* Whether or not we should consider using new tools

* 'Transport' infrastructure (Priority 0)
 * Discussion on hosting of wiki stuff, landed gollum + github wiki
  * Access control, concerns that it is too early to think about this problem, let's punt until it is a problem
  * Ease of use, ease of editing  
  * Discussion on switch to MediaWiki
  * Meeting minutes, other permanent/single-use documents go in a git repo that gets set by group contacts, someone who is in charge of weekly meeting minutes, etc
  * As a result, Gollum can handle the edits
  * Bot that polls "minutes@nil.o" or something and dumps them in git repo? 
 * Discussion on mailing list v. forum software
* Abstract Organization Infra
 * NEED bylaws
 * NEED Anti-harassment Policy
 * Need documentation on infra, what goes where, etc. What goes on wiki, what goes on git.
 * Five layers of communication:
 * Real-time IRC
 * Semi-realtime mailing list
 * Semi-permanent docs @ wiki
 * Permanent as yet-to-be-created CMS wiki
 * In-person meetings
 * Yet-to-be determined project management system (PUNTING on this)
  * Adam is going to do some work on this front for next week's meeting (ACTION ITEM)
  * Bot in IRC that can ferry things to the other channels, and various other LoC.
 * Discussion on how to handle making permanent decisions until bylaws are ratified
  * *Decree, if you have problems with what happens in a meeting, show up at the next one to change it*

Action Items and Decrees
========================

* TODO Decide between forum and mailing list
* TODO nil/nil/documents holds minutes and such (RR)
 * TODO Move wiki to nil/nil's gh wiki (RR) 
* TODO @adambregenzer to github org (RR)
* TODO Create readme on what documentation goes where? (RR)
 * Front page of wiki, front page of nil/nil
* TODO Ask Tom to add me to the NFS.N static stite thing (RR)
* TODO Work on bylaws (NB)
* TODO Post Bylaws draft to nil/nil/documents (NB)
* TODO Work on project management stuff (AB)
* RR labelled as infra-czar
